---
layout: default
ref: services
lang: en
permalink: /services
priority: 1
---

# 💡 Blockchain Consulting

Can the blockchain technology stack improve your business case? Can your
business be expanded horizontally by the use of a blockchain? Is your
blockchain idea feasible, what risks are there?

We offer advice on the strategic employment of blockchain technology based on a
thorough analysis of your company's profile whilst drafting along your ideas of
development. We will assess the potential of blockchain technology in your
company and discuss possibilities of optimization.

# 👨‍🔧 Blockchain Full-Stack development

Need assistance getting to a quality product based on a blockchain? Looking for
additional resources and service?

We provide you with the programming of scalable and distributed applications
and custom-built protocols. Additionally, we support you throughout the entire
process of integration and adaptation of blockchain technology into your
already existing company network.

# 💣 Blockchain Operations

Operating a blockchain system on a globale scale without losing track of your
resources? Keep everything manageable and easy to maintain and upgrade? Let's
talk Blockchain-DevOps.

# 🎓 Training and Seminars

Need someone to tell you all the details? Training for your personal to get up
to speed on the blockchain technology?

We offer in-house and external training and teaching seminars, workshops,
talks, as well as instructive materials on the blockchain technology and
related fields of application, which will provide you with in-depth knowledge
of the intricate blockchain ecosystem and all its facets.

# 👩‍🏫 Research

Need a partner with academic background looking to resolve tough problems with
proper research?

We provide unique access to the results of our cutting-edge research in the
fields of cryptocurrency and distributed ledger technology carried out by our
own experts. It is important to us to share our results and findings at
conferences and in form of publications.
